README.md, before:

# Artifactory Resource
The Artifactory resource lets you integrate your pipeline jobs with maven repositories in Artifactory.

This integration allows:

- To deploy artifacts and poms generated by your build
- To retreive artifacts in a repository
- To trigger jobs when a new version of an artifact is available
## Source Configuration
* `host`: *Required.* The fully qualified domain name including the context root.
* `api_key`: *Required.* The API key of a user with sufficient read and write privileges on the repositories you wish to use
* `repository_id`: *Required.* The repository 
* `group_id`: *Required.* The maven groupId of your artifact
* `artifact_id`: *Required.* The maven artifactId of your artifact
### Example
Resource Type Configuration:
``` yaml
resource_types: 
  - 
    name: artifactory
    source: 
      repository: emeraldsquad/artifactory-resource
      type: docker-image
```
Resource configuration for an artifact:
``` yaml
resources: 
  - 
    name: my-artifact
    type: artifactory
    source: 
      api_key: <API KEY>
      artifact_id: wonderful-artifact
      group_id: emerald.squad
      host: "https://emerald.squad.com/artifactory"
      repository_id: repo-local
```
*Note:* Artifactory resource is using Artifactory Query Language (AQL) to extract metadata from the repositories. Currently, AQL can only extract data that resides in your instance of Artifactory, so it runs on local repositories, remote repository caches and virtual repositories. So, if your artifact is stored on a remote repository, you must specify the cache repository instead.

Retreiving artifacts:

``` yaml
- get: my-artifact
```

``` yaml
- get: my-artifact
  params: [sources,javadoc]
```
Pushing local commits to the repo:
``` yaml
- put: my-artifact
  params:
    path: artifacts
```
## Behavior
### `check`: Check for new artifacts.
The resource searches for folders under `http(s)://<host>/<repository_id>/<group_id>/<artifact_id>`. It expects to get a list of versions in the `<timestamp>-<git hash>` format. The timestamp is used to sort versions. All subsequent versions of the given ref are returned. If no version is provided, the resource returns only the latest.
### `in`: Download the artifacts at the given ref.
Download the artifacts of the given ref to the destination. It will return the same given ref as version.
#### Parameters
* `qualifiers`: *Optional.* The artifacts qualifiers ex: [source,javadoc].
### `out`: Push the artifacts to the repository.
Push the artifacts from the given path to the Artifactory maven repository. The resource will push every files presents in the folder specified in the **path** parameter. The version parameter is optionnal but the resource expect at least a version file containing a version in the format `<timestamp>-<git hash>`. You can easily generate a version of this format from your pipeline using the shell `echo "$(date +'%s')-$(git rev-parse --short HEAD)" > version`.
#### Parameters
* `path`: *Required.* The path of the files to push to the repository.
* `version`: *Optional.* The path to a version file. Defaults to `<path parameter>/version`.

Commit message:

update doc for semver versionning support

README.md, after:

# Artifactory Resource
The Artifactory resource lets you integrate your pipeline jobs with maven repositories in Artifactory.

This integration allows:

- To deploy artifacts and poms generated by your build
- To retreive artifacts in a repository
- To trigger jobs when a new version of an artifact is available
## Source Configuration
* `host`: *Required.* The fully qualified domain name including the context root.
* `api_key`: *Required.* The API key of a user with sufficient read and write privileges on the repositories you wish to use
* `repository_id`: *Required.* The repository 
* `group_id`: *Required.* The maven groupId of your artifact
* `artifact_id`: *Required.* The maven artifactId of your artifact
### Example
Resource Type Configuration:
``` yaml
resource_types: 
  - 
    name: artifactory
    source: 
      repository: emeraldsquad/artifactory-resource
      type: docker-image
```
Resource configuration for an artifact:
``` yaml
resources: 
  - 
    name: my-artifact
    type: artifactory
    source: 
      api_key: <API KEY>
      artifact_id: wonderful-artifact
      group_id: emerald.squad
      host: "https://emerald.squad.com/artifactory"
      repository_id: repo-local
```
*Note:* Artifactory resource is using Artifactory Query Language (AQL) to extract metadata from the repositories. Currently, AQL can only extract data that resides in your instance of Artifactory, so it runs on local repositories, remote repository caches and virtual repositories. So, if your artifact is stored on a remote repository, you must specify the cache repository instead.

Retreiving artifacts:

``` yaml
- get: my-artifact
```

``` yaml
- get: my-artifact
  params: [sources,javadoc]
```
Pushing local commits to the repo:
``` yaml
- put: my-artifact
  params:
    path: artifacts
```
## Behavior
### `check`: Check for new artifacts.
The resource searches for folders under `http(s)://<host>/<repository_id>/<group_id>/<artifact_id>`. It expects to get a list of versions in the `<timestamp>-<git hash>` format or in the semver format `1.2.3` (note that semver with release candidates - ex: `1.0.0-rc1` - are note currently supported). The timestamp is used to sort versions. All subsequent versions of the given ref are returned. If no version is provided, the resource returns only the latest.
### `in`: Download the artifacts at the given ref.
Download the artifacts of the given ref to the destination. It will return the same given ref as version.
#### Parameters
* `qualifiers`: *Optional.* The artifacts qualifiers ex: [source,javadoc].
### `out`: Push the artifacts to the repository.
Push the artifacts from the given path to the Artifactory maven repository. The resource will push every files presents in the folder specified in the **path** parameter. The version parameter is optionnal but the resource expect at least a version file containing a version in the format `<timestamp>-<git hash>`. You can easily generate a version of this format from your pipeline using the shell `echo "$(date +'%s')-$(git rev-parse --short HEAD)" > version`.
#### Parameters
* `path`: *Required.* The path of the files to push to the repository.
* `version`: *Optional.* The path to a version file. Defaults to `<path parameter>/version`.
